[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are talking about
the metaphysics of multi
and interdimensional
beings with Randy Cramer,
a veteran of the secret space
program known as the Earth
Defense Forces.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> RANDY CRAMER: Thank
you for having me, Emery.
>> EMERY: Yeah, so we're
all on the same page.
How do we actually
define the multi
and the interdimensionals?
>> CRAMER: Ooh, it's
a little complicated.
When we think about dimensions
as far as frequencies,
we tend to think of 1D, 2D,
3D, 4D, 5D, 6D, et cetera.
So those are the harmonics,
what we call the harmonics.
And as far as we understand,
that goes from one to 12.
Then you have overtones.
And the overtones within each
harmonic, there are also 12.
And the overtones are
stages of consciousness
within that harmonic.
So for instance, in the 3D
harmonic where we are right
now, there are 12 overtones.
The first three overtones
are mineral consciousness.
The second three overtones
are vegetable consciousness.
The third set of three overtones
are lower higher animals.
And the last three
overtones are higher
higher animals, which we tend
to fall in that category.
So we tend to be--
human beings tend to be at
either overtone 10, 11, or 12.
And when you get
to overtone 12 is
when you can start to
be at either 3-12 or 4-1
and where you start to
be able to sort of exist
in both frequencies
at the same time.
>> EMERY: So are we coexisting
in multiple dimensions at one
time?
>> CRAMER: Well, that would
describe the elevations
of frequency.
Then you're talking about
the potential for parallels.
And the parallels
are where you start
to get interdimensional
beings and interdimensional
places where are in between
the layers of harmonics.
So you could have a harmonic--
a line of harmonics and
another line of harmonics that,
again, normally
would match here,
and then you can have
a space in between that
where something else
can create a space
or choose to exist
in a frequency that's
specific to them.
>> EMERY: Randy, how does the
mind and body actually move up
and down and back and
forth, side to side,
through these
dimensional frequencies?
>> CRAMER: Well, as
near as we understand,
it's something that's
regulated by the pineal gland
and regulated by
neurotransmitter production.
And so the production
of dimethyltryptophan
within the pineal gland is what
seems to chemically regulate
the physical biological
experience of being in one
dimensional state or another.
And it seems that
the flexibility
to move from one
frequency to another
or move from one
dimension to another
is regulated by the pineal
gland in neurotransmitters.
>> EMERY: Are those
neurotransmitters connecting
to the brain to give you
a picture and understand
frequencies of harmonics?
Is it building some sort
of non-visual picture
in your brain?
>> CRAMER: I think more
accurately what's happening is
that the endogenous production
of dimethyltryptophan
in the pineal gland causes the
awareness of the self to shift
to other frequencies.
So it's not that you're
having an awareness of them.
You're having an actual
experience of them.
So people who have worked
with endogenous and exogenous
dimethyltryptophan find that if
I were to have this experience,
I would still be
sitting in this chair.
You would not see my body move.
It would still be here.
But my perception of where
I am and what's around me
would completely change.
So that seems to be a
awareness shift that
happens up here, not out here.
>> EMERY: Is that something
that I'm familiar with,
such as bilocating?
Or is that different?
>> CRAMER: That's different.
Bilocating is actually
moving my body
from one location to another.
>> EMERY: Have you ever seen
any of these interdimensional,
multidimensional beings?
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
Oh yeah, for sure.
>> EMERY: And what
do they look like?
How would they appear to us?
>> CRAMER: They seem
to appear, again,
in ways that our
brains can accept.
So we hear stories
about them appearing
as like a giant honeybee
or a giant bumblebee
or a giant fish or a being
with blue skin or pink
skin or green skin.
You have these
variations that the mind
seems to be able to accept.
So the perception
of the beings is
directly related to the
ability of the individual
to perceive them.
So if you and I, for
instance, were sitting here
and had a experience with
the vibrational change
in the pineal gland
and we both went
into a similar
interdimensional space,
you might perceive it one way.
Your brain might
decode it one way.
My brain might decode
it another way.
And if we come back
into this experience
and write down what
happened and compare notes,
we might be able to decode
what's actually happening there
and what's perception.
>> EMERY: A lot of times I
talk to my students and I say,
you might see a light in the
sky or right in front of you,
especially when we do our close
encounters of the fifth kind
making contact.
But that light doesn't always
represent what it really is.
>> CRAMER: Right.
>> EMERY: For instance, if I
was in the 2D right now or I was
in my 2D form, I would
be flat, let's say.
And in a 3D, of course, I
have this three dimensional
sub-state, subspace body.
But in the fourth dimension,
now what would I look like?
Or the fifth, sixth,
seventh, and eighth.
So I think looking at
these models, we'll say,
of interdimensional
multidimensional beings
that it's not always
exactly what you perceive,
like you just said.
I could perceive it
differently than you,
even though we're
looking at the same thing
or experiencing the same thing.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
That's absolutely correct.
>> EMERY: Now, we get a lot
of people sending in pictures
of orbs and lights and things,
of course, shooting around.
Are people mistaking these
interdimensional beings
as UFOs?
>> CRAMER: That can
happen sometimes.
Certainly people
don't always know
what they're looking at
when they see something.
So sometimes a person will
see something and presume
that they know what that
is or think that they
can interpret what it is.
But they may not be correct if
they're not a trained observer.
>> EMERY: So someone may be
claiming to have seen an angel
that visited them.
Maybe that was
their interpretation
of a multidimensional
interdimensional being.
>> CRAMER: Very likely, yes.
>> EMERY: And also
out under the stars,
we have a lot of people seeing
lights and figures that are
going by.
But they can't make
it out completely.
And we would have a
group of people there,
30, 40, 50 people sometimes, and
maybe this half of the circle
will see something.
This half will have a completely
different visual perspective
of that.
Is that because of our line of
sight or our line of frequency,
should I say?
>> CRAMER: I think it has
more to do with our line
of frequency.
I have certainly
talked to people
who have been standing
with a group of people,
looked up in the sky, and
seen something and said, hey,
can you see that?
And not everybody can see it.
Some people can
some people can't.
So that's an indication
that these things
are frequency specific.
And if you are vibrating
frequency specific,
then you can see them.
And if you're not,
then you won't.
>> EMERY: So what are some of
the ones that you have seen?
What did they look like?
>> CRAMER: It's interesting.
Sometimes I see
them interpretively.
And there are other times
when I see them as code,
as geometric mathematical code.
And that's interesting.
That feels like that's
the more pure form
of what that reality is.
And that then the brain has to
turn that into something that's
more aesthetically
pleasing or that
makes us feel more
comfortable than just
staring at geometric
code at everything.
I mean, sometimes they
appear like human beings
like you or I. Or sometimes
they might appear, again,
like animals or
extraterrestrials.
It really just depends
on probably where
I'm at my own head
space in my life
and who or what the
consciousness that's
communicating with me is.
>> EMERY: Where do plasma-like
and shadow-like beings fit
into all this?
>> CRAMER: Ooh, that's
an interesting question.
OK.
Well, we certainly know that
one of the fundamental quantum
components of reality are
these states of frequency
of quantum particles.
And the highest
frequency particle
we call sacred light and the
lowest frequency particle
we call corrupted light.
And so that's more
than likely beings
who are very high
vibration in sacred light
or very high vibration
in corrupted light.
So something that is
filled with a lot of light
will appear that way,
will emanate more light,
where something that has
got that corrupted light
will look more
shadowy, more dark.
I mean, it tends to make
things look good or look evil,
because they kind of are.
>> EMERY: Are threat to us on
this 3D plane when we see that?
>> CRAMER: Not usually.
Their ability to
influence and affect us
has a lot to do with what
we believe their ability
to affect us is.
So if we believe they
have an effect on us,
then they can affect us.
If we believe they don't
have an effect on us,
then they tend to not.
>> EMERY: So it's our thinking
and our belief systems that
actually become our own
reality when we're visualizing.
>> CRAMER: More than
anything else, yes.
>> EMERY: So is there any way
to access these levels that
the beings are on and even
communicate with them?
>> CRAMER: Oh yeah, sure.
Self mastery of the
mind is definitely
a way in which you can tune the
frequency of your consciousness
and communicate with
all kinds of beings.
>> EMERY: And how
would you do that?
>> CRAMER: I teach my students
that in a long course that
would be way more hours than
what we have to discuss here.
But it is a combination
of understanding
brainwave mastery, meditative
techniques, and what
I would call the operating
system of tools in which one
changes their frequency
and their perception.
So it's breathing techniques,
visualization techniques,
setting the frequency
of your brainwaves
to get into alpha theta
states, and developing that.
So being able to do that one
time is not self mastery.
It's like baby steps.
Oh, I started the journey.
When you've done that
for the hundredth time,
then you're approaching
some form of self
mastery, because you're actually
getting better and better
and better at the skill.
>> EMERY: Now, is there any
benefits interacting with these
beings?
>> CRAMER: Awareness.
Information.
These beings have a
lot of information
and a lot of access
to information
that they want to share.
And they're encouraging
us to understand
how to access that
information as well.
So yeah, knowledge,
information, truth.
Little things like that.
>> EMERY: We've had a lot
of scientists that worked
in the projects with me that
would come and tell me that
they had seen something in the
lab or they had felt something.
And they've been working on
something diligently for weeks
at a time but didn't
have the answer.
Then after this experience,
they had the answer.
What is that?
>> CRAMER: Well, all it really
takes to get that sort of aha
moment is actually something
we call a awakened mind state.
So a brainwave pattern
that is symmetrical and has
the right amplitudes of
beta, alpha, theta, and delta
create these ideal or
awakened mind patterns.
And it turns out that when
we have these aha moments,
it's the conscious and the
subconscious connecting.
And probably more
than anything else,
those beings are facilitating
that brainwave state
so that we can have
our own awareness.
They don't need to
go, here's an idea.
Let me give that to you.
Really they can
just go, well, let
me stimulate your brainwaves so
you create that ideal brainwave
state and then you have
your own aha moment
as you draw up that information
from your subconscious.
As I tell my students,
if you're conscious brain
part of your mind
has an IQ of 120,
your subconscious
brain has an IQ
of several hundred
points higher than that.
So connecting with your
conscious and subconscious
brain is what gives us
access to super thinking
and super information
and gives us access
to what I call the super brain.
>> EMERY: I usually
don't personify inter
and multidimensional beings,
because I consider them higher
than myself and higher than most
things around the planet here.
But are they looking out
for us, for humanity?
Or do you think there is
still a shadow part of that?
>> CRAMER: I think our
experience tells us that most
of them are beneficial.
Most of them are here to help.
But that's not exclusive.
There are always troublemakers
everywhere you go.
So again, I'd call that
probably fitting into the 95/5
breakdown, where you
have 95% that's basically
trying to help and cooperate
and that 5% that just
is trying to cause trouble.
>> EMERY: Have you had any
experience with synthetic
interdimensional
multidimensional beings where
we had made them and
sent them on missions?
And this is a little
negative, but I
want to go there, because you
could probably answer this.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
Yes.
>> EMERY: The so-called shadow
agents that are sent to spy
on you to maybe cause harm.
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
So there is an awareness
of how this works.
And certain people
in certain programs
are certainly using these
tools and these techniques
to create more nefarious agents
to perform more nefarious acts.
So it does happen.
Again, it's not the majority of
activity, but it does happen.
>> EMERY: Are they taking a
human from the 3D and maybe
taking this frequency out of
them and making this being?
Or are they actually
making the being?
>> CRAMER: They're usually
taking to start a human being
and then changing
them from there.
And some of this
involves cybernetics.
Some of this involves
genetic engineering.
And it involves retooling the
brain and the conscious energy
self to serve a purpose.
And what you have
to do to a person
to damage what they are to
turn them into something else
is pretty horrific.
And we at United States
Marine Corps Special Section
think that this kind of
behavior needs to stop.
It's one of the reasons why we
want sunshine and disclosure
and everything so
that we can start
highlighting some of the things
that we need to put an end to.
And that would be one of them.
Because people don't come
back from this process.
Once you've been transformed
into something like that,
there's no coming back from it.
You're going to have to
die, and your consciousness
will have to be
released from your body
before you have a chance
to remake yourself.
>> EMERY: Do they have any
conflict with extraterrestrials
or are they the
extraterrestrials?
>> CRAMER: No, I would say
sometimes they're having
conflict with the
extraterrestrials, yeah.
Sure.
And there are some
extraterrestrials that
may engage in that behavior.
Yes.
>> EMERY: Are we considered
extraterrestrials
in their eyes?
>> CRAMER: Well, that
is an interesting point.
If you and I go to another
planet, we're the alien.
So I mean, we're as
much extraterrestrials
as anybody else is.
>> EMERY: Now, have you
personally learned anything
from these different
dimensional beings?
>> CRAMER: Oh yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
My understanding of
metaphysics has greatly
been expanded because of that
information and that teaching,
for sure.
>> EMERY: Are interdimensional
and multidimensional beings
coexisting?
Are they here right now?
>> CRAMER: I would say there's
about a 100% chance that there
is something else in this
room that we can't see that is
a multi or
interdimensional being.
Yes.
>> EMERY: Yeah, I
agree with that.
>> CRAMER: And I would say
that most of the time there are
things happening around
us that we don't see,
that the air is full of things,
sentient beings as well as what
I would think of as
natural animal life.
Wildlife that exists within
those dimensional frequencies.
>> EMERY: Now, I know we have
to be at a certain frequency
to see them and to
interact with them.
But on their side, is it--
do they see multi dimensions?
Do they see
interdimensionally constantly?
Or do they just kind of
change their frequency
so they don't have to
listen to you and I, Randy?
[LAUGHS]
>> CRAMER: It's usually a
matter of dialing frequency.
There are beings who
certainly have the ability
to perceive across timelines,
across dimensional frequencies
simultaneously.
But most beings make a choice
from any moment to moment
on what they want to
focus on and where
their perception wants to be.
So someone could be
in this room right
here and not see us and
not interact with us,
because they're fully in
the dimensional frequency
that they're in.
Or they could be
riding the edge,
as we say, and
they could be here,
seeing us, listening
to us, whether curious
or wanting to help the
process along or hinder
the process could also
be an option there.
But there tends to
be something outside
of the visible light
spectrum around us
at just about all times.
>> EMERY: Are we a
multidimensional being,
and can we actually through our
subconscious communicate with
them by not even knowing it?
>> CRAMER: Absolutely.
We are definitely
multidimensional beings
that exist in multiple
dimensions at the same time.
And there are things
happening in, again,
in that dial of
perception that's
outside what we're perceiving
at the moment that's
still happening.
And that can include
information downloads,
someone whispering into your
ear that manifests itself
as a subconscious thought
or a subconscious idea
that you think you had on your
own, not necessarily you did.
>> EMERY: What is the difference
between dimensions and density
that you keep mentioning?
>> CRAMER: When we
talk about harmonics,
we tend to think of
those as the densities,
because as you go
from lower to higher,
you become less dense matter
and more energy, more light.
So the higher and higher
you go in these densities,
you're more light
in less matter.
We're at the place where
we're more matter than energy
at the moment.
And when we go into 4D, we'll
be about 50-50 matter and energy
that's more malleable.
And then 5D is really
not even needing
a physical biological
shell at all.
You can exist as pure
energy at that point, which
can be a matter of manifesting
what you want to look like,
visualizing your virtual self.
>> EMERY: Are these some of the
pop culture terms like shape
shifters and werewolves
and vampires?
>> CRAMER: They can fall
into those categories, yes.
>> EMERY: What about
poltergeists and spirits?
What are they?
>> CRAMER: That's
a good question.
You certainly-- if there
is a phenomena which
you can measure, meaning
something physical
happens that you can say,
oh, that actually happened.
I have talked to people who
certainly have gone back
to look at surveillance
camera footage
and seen an object on
a shelf get pushed off.
It doesn't fall.
There's nothing
to knock it over,
but you can see a force hitting
it and knocking it over.
Or doors opening or slamming
windows, opening or slamming.
These are evidence that
something is actually
happening.
So when you know that
something's actually happening,
the question of what
it is is a matter
of understanding,
identification, and definition,
which if we can't fully
perceive what it is, well,
it's difficult to make
an assessment of what
that thing is.
So just for instance,
if someone was
experiencing poltergeist
activity in their home,
is it an echo?
Is it a poltergeist?
Is it a multidimensional,
interdimensional,
extraterrestrial being
or some other option?
Well, that comes
down to investigation
and identification
of through someone
who's a trained observer,
knows what questions
to ask, know what
data to gather,
know what instruments to
use that from that data pool
can then make an analysis
and a conclusion.
But off the top automatically,
just because something happens,
we don't know.
We can't say, was
that a poltergeist
or a ghost or an alien?
I don't know.
Without further analysis and
examination, you don't know.
>> EMERY: Yeah, a lot of these
amateur scientists use trifield
meters and electromagnetic field
meters and they record these
things when they're there.
We even use them out in
the field for our CE5s
and we might just see a
little flash of light,
and then all of a sudden the
meter goes crazy for a while.
Is that some sort
of portal opening?
>> CRAMER: Well, I
would say that, again,
these are tools that
are indicating that
something's happening.
They're registering that a
physical change in the laws
of physics are happening.
And again, without better
tools, better analysis
to bring to better
conclusions, again,
that's just telling us that
there's something there.
It's not telling
us what's there.
It's just telling us
that something is there.
So it's definitely indicating
that it's not nothing.
There was some,
ah, it's nothing.
It's your imagination.
No, we've got some
instrumentation
that's showing us
that it's something,
that it's not my imagination.
But that instrumentation
at this point
isn't sophisticated enough to
tell you exactly what you're
dealing with.
>> EMERY: There are thousands
of people going missing in these
national parks every year
and all around the planet.
Is there any relation
about interdimensional
multidimensional beings having
anything to do with this
or do you have an explanation
about why this happens?
>> CRAMER: Sure.
I have two explanations.
So we certainly have a situation
where corporate programs need
bodies for experimentation.
They need bodies to fill jobs.
They need bodies as boots.
So they're constantly
abducting and stealing people.
So again, without more data on
an individual disappearance,
it's not so straightforward
to say whether it's A or B.
But we can kind of say
it probably is A or B.
So option A is someone's
being abducted,
probably by a corporate system.
Some of that might be
military, but the military
is under very strict
guidelines right now
about abducting
civilian personnel.
And so it's not something that
we can do with impunity like we
used to do 20 or 30 years ago.
So it's probably less and less
the military's involvement
and more and more corporate
programs that just don't care.
They have no moral,
ethical center.
They have a profit motive.
And whatever gets them
to where they need to be
is what they'll do.
So that's one option.
Turns out there's
another option as well.
There are a number of facilities
in these mountain ranges,
particularly in the Cascade
Range and the Rocky Mountain
range, where there
are spaceports.
There are these children
of the Atlanteans
who moved around and settled in
some of these places like Mount
Shasta, for instance, to name
one that everybody knows.
>> EMERY: Absolutely, yeah.
>> CRAMER: So a lot of these
beings in these different
facilities have been
experiencing more and more
people going into the mountains
and exploring, hiking,
and camping.
And it's kind of
making them nervous.
It's like people getting too
close to their front lawn.
So they've started putting
up these shieldings which
are a time space shield.
And the reason for a time space
shield and not a force shield,
if I come up against a
force field, I hit it.
I know it's there.
Well, you don't want
someone to hit something
that they can recognize
as there and go, hey,
what's happening here?
And start doing you know
mime trapped in a box.
Because that's a
physical phenomena
it's going to make people go,
wait, what's going on here?
You don't want that to happen.
So by using this
time space field,
I could be walking into it, turn
around and walk the other way,
and still think that
I'm walking forward.
So it has the ability of
turning someone around
without them realizing that
they're being turned around.
So instead of running up against
something that I can feel,
it just turns me around
without me even noticing
that I'm turned around.
And then I'll be like, wait,
I thought I was going east,
not west, and then I'd
be confused and go,
oh, I got turned
around and think
that it's all my
fault when I was
hitting one of these fields.
Now, the problem is these
fields are not totally stable.
They have little holes in them.
And if you happen to walk
through a hole, you're screwed.
You're basically trapped
on the other side
where you're probably going to
starve to death because you're
not going to be able
to get back out.
Now, sometimes these
beings in these facilities,
they find these
people and they go,
oh, another one got
trapped in the field.
And they'll pluck them out and
put their clothes back on them
if they need to and then send
them out somewhere but not
necessarily where they came in.
They might pop out 20, 100 miles
away, not know what's going on,
have two, three, four,
five, days go by.
Or in some cases, they may
perceive many more days or even
weeks going by and find
themselves 100 miles away
four days later.
So it tends to be
an either an A or B.
So either there's corporate
abduction probably
thing happening
or they're running
into one of these time space
fields and going through a hole
and then being lost.
And it's such that you and I
could literally walking down
a path with inches
between our elbows
and I could be looking off to
the right and then turn back
and you'd be gone.
You'd be like, Emery,
where'd you go?
And you could walk
through a pocket
and turn around and go,
Randy, where'd you go?
Or even worse, you might
go through a pocket,
still see me, and then
go, hey, hey, hey,
and then I wouldn't
see you or hear you,
and then you'd be confused at
why I can't see or hear you.
But then you would realize that
you couldn't reach out and grab
me on the shoulder
and that you're
trapped on the other
side of this field.
So it would suck.
But yeah, it can happen that
way and be so immediate and so
right that very second that
someone could be standing right
next to you and you could
turn away and then turn
and they'd be gone.
>> EMERY: Has this
ever happened to you?
>> CRAMER: Not to me, no.
It has not happened
to me personally.
>> EMERY: And how did you know
about this technology and how
did you know about the
people going missing?
>> CRAMER: I started hearing
some people talking about some
of these people going missing.
And I asked our
intel staff if they
had any information on that, and
that was the report they had.
>> EMERY: Do you believe
there's any cooperation with
multidimensional
interdimensional beings that
are here to assist us
and help us evolve?
>> CRAMER: Sure.
I would think there's plenty
of eyewitness testimony
to suggest that that's true.
I certainly get emails
from people all the time
talking about their
personal experiences
and talking about beings that
they've seen in some cases
since they were children and
what information they provide.
Or in some cases, these
beings have done things
to intercede and
save people's lives.
I know someone who was driving
down a country road in a car
and heard a voice that said,
you need to pull over right now.
And she pulled over, and
within a couple of seconds,
a log truck came flying
down the other direction
crossing lanes out of control.
And if she had not
pulled off the side,
she would have been front
end plowed by a log truck.
So there are definitely beings
that are trying to help.
Teaching people,
helping them advance
their own understanding
of metaphysics,
their own meditative process.
And in some cases,
literally saying,
look out and
getting people to do
things that save their lives.
>> EMERY: Now, if they see
us doing something bad,
maybe blowing off
a nuclear bomb,
would they actually come and try
to help with that and say, hey,
you guys.
How would they
deliver a message?
Or would they interact?
Because isn't it not--
is it our world that
we're sharing with them
or we're sharing their world?
>> CRAMER: I think they would
want us to understand that we
all live in the same world
and that it is our perception
of that reality that
needs to change.
Because we don't think that
we share that world with them.
We don't think that we're
all living in that world
when we are.
And I think if
anything, they would
like our awareness and our
expansion of our consciousness
to get to a place where we
simply accept that the world is
bigger than we think it is
and we share it, again, side
by side, feet apart with other
intelligent living beings
that aren't leaving.
And we don't have the right
to say get out of here.
We just have to share space
with all kinds of living things.
>> EMERY: When people are being
spiritual and doing meditation
and having these out
of body experiences,
is that us becoming maybe
more multidimensional?
>> CRAMER: There are certainly
experiences that people have
that are developmental
progressive experiences.
They're also the ability for
people to experience things
that are nothing other
than the mind or the brain
manufacturing things
out of the subconscious.
So there's no universal
just because someone
says they've experienced
this that it's
100% true all the time.
Nor is there a
universal every person
who makes this claim is
never correct, is never
telling the truth, because
that doesn't happen.
It's much more
complicated than that.
You can have a person
who is perceiving
something that is absolutely
accurate, is absolutely
happening.
You can also have
someone who is perceiving
something that is absolutely
and totally delusional.
And it's difficult to
figure out exactly what that
is if you're not
a trained observer
and you're not familiar
with the behaviors.
>> EMERY: In the statement,
"as you think, as you become,"
is that an
interpretation of this?
>> CRAMER: Well, I think one
of the things we understand is
the fundamentals that we have
the ability to shift matter
and energy with our brains,
with our thinking process.
And we also know that
through our thinking process,
we're able to change
the wiring of our brain,
change our genetic codes,
change our own DNA.
So truly what we think
is what we become.
And so how we choose to perceive
our thoughts, our attitudes,
what's around us absolutely
dictates what we become.
>> EMERY: Thank you, Randy,
so much for being on the show.
>> CRAMER: Thank you
so much for having me.
Anytime.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]